you know like healthy gamer is new and
it's like did
was this going to work like how on earth
would we think that this would be
successful
we wouldn't think this would be
successful it was done before
and yet we did it anyway and that's how
we started and that's what we do now
like that's where our coaching program
comes from i started streaming on twitch
and i was like okay this is what needs
to
we need to try this then people were
like dr k help me dr k
help me dr chao and i was like oh [ __ ] a
lot of people to help
can't do them all myself can i train
other people so let's try is it going to
work we don't know
let's try and so that's what we did
and then like we started off with mostly
individual coaching
and then what we realized is that like
there are
shared issues that people struggle with
and these are things like
you know people like feeling awkward and
lacking purpose and being lonely
and like not having someone to share
those feelings with and work through
those problems with
they don't have someone to help and
that's where group coaching comes in so
then we evolved group coaching
and so group coaching is about you know
personal coaching i think is really good
for people who have like a particular
issue that's very specific to them
but generally speaking what we find in
group coaching is that the issues that
you think are super specific to you are
actually shared by a whole bunch of
other people
and let's think about that because if
that wasn't true this stream would be
nowhere if this
if the people that i interviewed did not
resonate with all of our audience
the stream would be nowhere why do you
guys watch because you connect with the
person that we talk to
and the problems that you share you
don't have to fight those battles on
your own
that's why we started groups groups are
tricky they take a while to start
people are confused about how to do them
but their outcomes are very good
and they like groups kind of gain
momentum over time
right like you don't know like what in
what way you need to improve
a lot of areas of your life that need to
improve and then like other people are
gonna be the same way they're like i
don't know where to start
right like i'm i i'm not in a romantic
relationship i don't have a good job
i'm not doing well in my classes and
then like
those people help you and remember that
the real value of healthy gamer
is that it's easier to see
in someone else your problems
it's easy to look at them objectively
because when you look at someone else
with anxiety
it's like way easier to understand it
because you're not experiencing it in
that moment
so the real way that growth happens in
group is actually by
when i share an experience i benefit
some from it but then everyone else
actually benefits more
and then they share their version and
then i benefit from that and then like
what happens is each person
brings one piece of the puzzle to the
table and with a dozen of you all or 10
or all or 80 all you'll put
you'll put those puzzle pieces together
and then it's cool it's great
all right you looking good feeling good
uh-huh let's get started cool okay
don't mind if i do
um yeah so anita have you been i've been
all right yeah
busy busy busy but getting more sleep
and taking a little bit more care of
myself than i used to
so that's great i'm really happy to hear
that seriously i i think you deserve to
take care of yourself
you deserve to be cared for by yourself
and um are you wearing a hat that says
simp
yeah can you tell me about that
all right so um i
i me and uh stream elements we we
designed merch
and i was thinking to myself uh what
would be really relatable
and very appropriate for my chat and
this is how the hat happened and i just
happen to like it and i just wear it day
to day
i i i actually really love my sit pad
so yeah that's the full story i think
it's uh
it's a good way um okay so i guess i can
share this story hopefully it's not
identifiable
and if the person that i'm talking to
yeah there's no way that people are
gonna so i was talking to someone who is
yesterday i was working with someone who
was a little bit concerned about
um their hair
uh because they're kind of going bald
and the problem is
you're going bald yeah i'm losing my
hair
that's scary yeah uh it's impossible to
find out why kids are covered because
there
are like doctors and everything are
really they've got their hands full
so i guess i'll find out sometime
threw me for a loop there but let me
just finish my story real quick and then
you know we can talk about that if you
want to but um so they were feeling like
pretty anxious because they're losing
their hair and
and what what they said is that you know
like they're prominent
in like the streaming esports world
and so they can't show up one day like
even if they wanted to get a piece like
a wig like they couldn't
get one right and so
i what i suggested to them is that they
should just
show up one day with one and then in the
middle of like an interview or something
just take it off
adjust it and then just put it right
back on and just let the whole world
know that you
wear a wig but anyway we'll see if they
ever do that
um yeah i feel like owning it takes the
power out of it and nobody's committing
a crime by losing a little bit of hair
as well i think that streaming is about
being relatable and
being company to people who feel a bit
alone and there are probably plenty of
people who watch that person who are
also losing their hair
so i don't think it's gonna work against
them and i don't know why they'd be so
afraid
yeah so i mean it's a good question
right why are people afraid
and if we think about it so if we
well this is gonna get yeah let me know
if this
moves too fast for you okay anita it's
fine go for it
so i mean i'm a little bit curious so
especially being a woman i can imagine
it can feel
very distressing if you're
losing your hair
ah there's always wigs i'll be okay um
but the thing is like i know chat
latches on to you absolutely anything
um so it's not really something i want
people to get distracted by
and that's really my own concern with it
i don't have a partner i don't have
anyone around me i'm alone like 99 of my
my day
so it's not like anyone's going to
bother and i don't really look in the
mirror much so it's not something that
really scares me
um so for now i just try to make sure
people don't get distracted by it so
that
we can focus on the content really
rather than my body because people try
to focus on my body a lot during
streaming
people take clips of my ass and stuff so
like i
just try to keep people's attention on
the on the topic rather than me
um and that's the only reason why i take
any measures to really hide it
interesting um yeah i think you do a
really good job of like owning things
and making them
more acceptable to people who are
ashamed about them
uh i think that's actually one of the
really awesome things that you bring to
twitch
into this community i'm curious what
does it feel like to have people
kind of be focusing on your body and
taking clips of your ass and things like
that
i've experienced it my whole life my
whole life has basically been a struggle
to make friends with people who were
just trying to depth test me
and like seeing dying friendships
because
i see more and more signs that someone's
into me and i try to show signs that i'm
not interested back and they don't see
them because they have a bias because
they want something for me
and so chat is just making is just
another way that i relive that exact
same struggle where i'm trying to hold a
conversation about everything else and
it keeps falling back to their desire to
get their willy wet
and so i'm so used to navigating it that
i just poke humor at it now and use it
as content because i can't make it go
away i can't control how other people
feel
how they behave so in any way if i can't
control the situation or change it for
the better
i try to change its effect on me and
others and so the way i've been managing
it
is just to poke humor at it and make it
a reason for people to smile and laugh
in various ways and that's the only
thing i can really think to do about it
sounds very mature um
you know to approach it that way i'm
surprised you say so
because poking fun at people for being
attracted to me doesn't sound like an
initially like a mature premise
for any kind of content but yeah i guess
i agree with you that poking fun it
doesn't sound like that but that's why
when we dig into actually what you're
doing that does sound mature to me
right so like sort of saying hey there's
something about the world that i can't
change and people are going to be people
so i'm going to do my best to kind of
focus on what i think is important and
steer people in the right direction and
if people want to
you know focus on something physical i
can kind of just poke fun at it
and then kind of focus on what's
important that sounds pretty mature to
me
thank you i mean i think surreptitiously
i poke fun at it as well
to show people who are very
inexperienced in talking to people
they're attracted to that this doesn't
work
um i try to use like gamer-based
analogies to show people that
certain things are not okay or not fun
and not cool
like pickup lines i describe them as
when people think there are cheat codes
into women's pants that you can just say
a generic sentence
and you'll be able to sleep with someone
and that's not how people work because
they're individuals and stuff
and that when you try to use a cheat
code to get in someone's pants
you're basically saying i'm lonely and i
want to [ __ ] it's not about you
if it was about you i'd say something
specific to you that's to do with you
but i'll just say this generic thing and
hope that your panties fall off sort of
thing
and these sort of descriptions help me
to describe to people how not to hit on
people so that maybe one day they'll
successfully connect
um so i kind of seen it as an
opportunity to help people figure out
what doesn't work
so that they can lean towards what does
i need to is there
i thought i detected a note of anger
there
oh yeah i mean there's a a huge
undercurrent of frustration i want to
connect with people long term i want to
have friends i want to have
you know really fun interactions and
there's this barrage of lonely dicks
between me and all the people that are
worth hanging out with the people who
aren't trying to [ __ ] me
it happens everywhere i go and
everything i do like i've gone to social
clubs and all sorts trying to make
friends because i was desperately lonely
and then like two or three men will
latch on to me and try to talk to me
like interview me for a role in their
life i do not
[ __ ] want and they just won't leave
me alone i'll try to ditch them and go
to the bathroom i'll come out there
waiting for me
and whilst everyone else sees that i'm
talking to people they don't feel
comfortable talking
to me so all the people who don't want
to [ __ ] me don't get around to talking
to me and i'm just stuck with these
people who i know
i'm gonna disappoint and there's no
friendship there because
they're just waiting to see if i'll [ __ ]
them and i've tried so hard to make
friends with people who are attracted to
me
and been like oh make a good thing out
of this and it doesn't work out because
they get more disappointed and
uncomfortable
and it becomes too painful for them to
hang out with me so i have been lonely
and frustrated and angry
and trying ever since i was young i was
isolated and alone
and i've been trying so hard my whole
life to make long-term friends and these
friendships keep [ __ ] dying
and i've had female friends thinking
you'll be fine and they've all hit on me
too
so i don't know how to escape it and i
feel really frustrated and alone
i know there are people out there i'm
not egotistical enough to think that
it's just that everyone wants me it's
just that when other people who do
are attracted to me are pushy they kind
of barge everyone else
out of the way they kind of they kind of
inhibit my ability to spend time with
people
who actually have a genuine friendship
with no other intentions
and i want to be worth that to someone i
don't want to be just something to death
depth test i want to be a friend i want
to support people i want to see people
grow and have kids and get married i
want to be with people long term
and have a great time with them and not
just be sad all the people who come into
my life and get disappointed that i
don't have more to offer i want my
friendship to be a [ __ ] nuff
bravo
anita i think you've grown since the
first time i talked to you
really immensely
and what makes you say that
so you told me some wild stories the
first time we talked
i don't know if you remember but like i
was really confused because you would
say like
yeah people continuously fall in love
with me and it sounds like sort of like
a
like on the surface much like you know
the mature comment it can be
kind of confusing but it sort of seems
sort of narcissistic to say that right
but i don't think it was i think it's
genuinely your experience but
i can imagine people would judge you
that way um
and and you know i oh wow and
there's so much there so first of all
thank you so much for being so authentic
i i was so i i
you know you're a genius with words by
the way i don't know if you like you're
like a wordsmith
i just ran it i i don't i what what did
i say that
you said you said this is one of the
best sentences
i've ever heard or read in my life
there's a barrage of dicks between me
and
a real friendship that's such a great
sentence
it captures your experience so well
first of all i've never heard the phrase
barrage of dicks
[Laughter]
you know it's like it's a new
combination in the english language
i think it it really does such a good
job so i spend my days
practicing my words i spend my days so
if you think about human experience
human experience any human experience
that's translated into words
loses something right because i can't i
can use the word love but like
what love feels like in in four letters
l-o-v-e there's like a wide chasm
between those
yeah and what i really respect about
what you just said is like
that chasm got really really small you
know when you kind of talk about how
incredibly frustrating it is
um that you want something and that
there's all this crap getting in the way
um and yeah i mean i think it was just
very well said and i think it's an
experience that i imagine
i mean i've talked to a lot of women who
i think would resonate with that
experience
that you know they they keep on getting
blamed for friend-zoning people
but they're they get girlfriend-zoned
all the time immediately
um and so yeah i just thought it was
well said
and i think the reason you've grown is
because the first time
that i talked to you you were just
relentlessly positive and you still i
mean you're still a positive person
right like you're kind of like i can't
change other people so
i'm gonna do the best that i can to make
a world a better place like that's why
anita's awesome
and but i almost thought that you were
too positive
because you didn't give space to
yourself to feel
negative and to recognize that that's
not fair and that that's not okay and
that like
you deserve to have friends and now i
hear you getting frustrated about it
which i think is actually a step in the
right direction i think it was
subsurface anger
and now it's surface anger but that's
how we let things out
and and now it's interesting because i i
i feel like
sort of embarking on a conversation that
i very rarely do
which is to change other people so
usually we talk about you
but i i wonder if there are some things
that you could do or we could explore
let me just think about how to say this
because i get the sense that you do have
this like
moth drawn to a flame kind of thing
going
right so you've mentioned to me that
there are many people like even female
friends of yours that you'll feel close
to
who sort of wind up kind of falling for
you in a romantic way
and so there's something that tells me
that something about what other people
see in you makes them think romance
instead of friendship so
uh in response i've got two responses to
that i hope i remember them both the
first
is that um i used to go down a very self
blaming route with it a long time ago
in my early teens because i used to just
walk in the street and
guys would panhandle for sex they come
up to me like hey baby where you headed
can i go with you do you know local pub
do you want to come with me
where'd you live what's your name all
these personal details i didn't want to
give to a stranger
um usually an older stranger and i was
like this must be something to do with
me i attract these horrible people that
i don't want to interrupt my day
um i i kind of i want to so i got
changed i wore this massive
trench coat thinking everyone like when
people look at people who've been
sexually assaulted they go well what
were you wearing and as a kid i thought
that meant that if you just wore
specific clothes
no one would bother you sexually um and
i got the wrong idea from those
questions that i saw people asking
anyone who suffered sexual assault so i
was like fine i wear a trench coat
people leave me alone nobody can see my
body there'd be no reason to hit on me
and i was wrong and people still hit on
me i tried so many different approaches
i tried being rude to people and distant
and people still chased me i tried to be
friendly and warm and people still
chased me i tried everything and every
approach i could think of i i
put people down harshly i was like i
will never [ __ ] you in a million years
and that didn't work and i would have i
hospitalized
boys at school and for being too pushy
and aggressive
and they'd come out of hospital and ask
me out straight away with their cast on
like i just couldn't find an approach
and i was soft and gentle and they just
wouldn't get the message
and so like i stopped blaming myself a
long time ago for people not paying
attention
because i wasn't flirting i wasn't you
know i don't flirt with these people i
pay attention to it and i'm like why are
you getting me signals and why
when i when i avoid you because you're
hitting on me do you not get these
signals like i can avoid people and like
does she love me i'm like how
thinking like this still every time you
hit on me i go silent and walk away and
you're like
i don't know what she wants women are
just a mystery
i've even said like no just no just not
ever and they're like
is she playing hard to get what do why
don't they just say when they want me i
don't
understand women are a mystery and i
just can't [ __ ] find
the right thing to say to someone that's
beside with you because they're so
preoccupied with what they want and
they're thinking with little brain
so they don't hear sense and so i
i i've asked myself my whole life this
question
and as well people think i'm conceited
if i ever bring it up so i can't ask
people for advice
so it's like a problem that's making me
really lonely and desperate for
real friendship it's making me really
really struggle to trust people
because people say they're not attracted
to me and then spring out on me and then
break up as a friend
the minute they realize it's not going
to be anything more like i have so many
issues surrounding this i want a
fulfilling life and a fulfilling social
group
and it's destroying it even when i do
find long-term friends
who like say they're not into me and
never hit on me at all right
the minute i have more friends they get
jealous
and angry and it starts to show or like
um i'll have friends around me that are
nice
and aren't hitting on me and people
around me will assume that we're
together
and start socially assassinating them
and trying to break up that friendship
and a lot of the times it even [ __ ]
works
like there are so many situations where
even if i if
even if there's no romance at all
people's romances [ __ ] it up
and people's attraction to me [ __ ] it
up and there are people in chat right
now saying i think she's
making a big thing about being
attractive i don't feel attractive i
don't understand this at all and it
annoys the hell out of me i'm not
boasting
this suck this really [ __ ] sucks
and i'm sick of it i don't want to have
to politely navigate people's intentions
and constantly disappoint people i don't
want to feel like a disappointment
anymore i don't want to feel like my
friendship is a [ __ ] consolation
prize
i want people to just be happy with it
and like if i have to acknowledge that
people are attracted to me in order to
find the route to do so
let me do that because i'm not making it
up and i'm not boasting about it and
it's not a [ __ ] compliment that
people don't want to spend time with me
unless i [ __ ] them
that's the opposite of a compliment why
do people think i'd be proud of that
that is the
ultimate insult
i'm gonna think for a second if that's
okay
okay i didn't get to my second point but
i think that's enough
no let's hear your second point um
this what was this i had it in my brain
just for a second it's gone out the
window what was it
um firstly it's not a compliment and
people think i'm conceited and
all that stuff stuff but secondly um
i'm not oh manipulation i'm not trying
to fix anyone
um i've i'm done trying to be
responsible for other
people's lack of growth i'm not going to
try and convince people to value me
beyond sleeping with me if they can't
see past that that's their problem i'm
exhausted i used to spend so much of my
youth
supposedly being so mature for my age
and people
who have problems gravitating towards me
including partners
and they put me in charge of their
personal growth and they also blamed me
whenever they could struggle to be good
and they were like well if you were more
supportive or if you were more confident
in the bedroom maybe i wouldn't have
and all this sort of stuff and the
minute you start rushing in to help
people build on themselves in situations
where they're just
shallow [ __ ] you end up struggling
and crying and being hurt with them
taking responsibility for their [ __ ]
like i'm so done with that i'm a
grown-up i hang out with grown-ups if
they can't grow and be mature and think
past their woolies that's their problem
gonna find people who can think past
their willies
i'm not going to try and change people
not in this respect and
to be honest the times that i've changed
people the most are when i've never
tried to change them at all
just by being happy and being myself
people see solutions that they've not
tried before
from the way that i exist and i'm far
more happy with that way of helping
people
than actively trying to meddle with
their minds and their lives
most often change doesn't really happen
unless people want it to
so it has to be their idea in the first
place and honestly
i'm just so done playing therapist i was
nice to help people grow
i've definitely helped people in the
past and really enjoyed it
but i'm exhausted now i've spent my
whole life caring for my mom and caring
for other people and i just want to
work on myself and be around people who
don't need work from me that just happy
you have come a long way anita really
happy
seriously i'm really i'm thrilled to
because seriously like the first time i
talked to you it was like
other people need to come first like you
could go back and watch it
it's like other people need to come
first and anita gets
no space in anita's life
and then what i'm hearing you say is i
don't exist for you
anymore i'm done existing for you
i'm done being what you want me to be
i'm gonna start existing for myself
and there's a lot of hurt around that
too because it seems like
when you exist for yourself people don't
like it
because they like you to exist for them
i need to change me
i need to [ __ ] me i need to do this for
me take care of me help me
anita be the case for me to fix
be broken so that i can feel better
about myself and make you feel better
about yourself
and then [ __ ] me afterwards
right yeah
and it's not fair and i i hear you you
say you've tried it all
because early on people treated you a
certain way and you're like oh crap i'm
being treated
because of what i'm wearing or who i am
or how i am acting
and so you started wearing a trench coat
and you changed yourself for the sake of
other people
their immature behavior suddenly became
your
responsibility to fix on your end that
people are acting
this way towards you because of what you
wear and you're like [ __ ] that i'm done
with that i'm not responsible
for their reactions to me which is fair
so you tried to change yourself for the
sake of other people and you were like
[ __ ] that
and then what happened is
you tried the other extreme which is
that you said i'm i'm gonna stop so at
first you were like i'm gonna transform
myself i'm gonna wear a
trench coat and a hat and glasses and
then
i'm gonna change myself so that people
don't interact with me a particular way
i'm gonna stop being who i am because
when i am who i am
barrage of dicks then what happens is
you
you went the other extreme and you said
i'm not going to try to change
other people anymore because you tried
that for a while too right you tried to
rehabilitate people you tried to
transform people you try
to change people so then it's not about
changing yourself it's all about
changing
the other person help them learn a
different way
try to teach them that you are more than
an object for their lust
try to teach them be compassionate be
mature be patient
and try to change them and you're like
[ __ ] that that doesn't work either
tried to change yourself didn't work
tried to change them
didn't work and now you're here
and you're frustrated because you've
tried it all and you're smart
right so like when you say you've tried
it all i believe you and i think you
also probably came up with
pretty creative solutions
you know i don't know how many
adolescent girls i've ever seen
in trench coats but that you know just
shows us that you were probably thinking
outside the box maybe it was cottman
where you were
i don't think i've ever seen like a
teenage girl in a trench coat
yeah i i was pretty much the only one
right so you you did a lot of outside of
the box thinking
you're pretty smart and you've tried
everything under the sun
and you're frustrated and absolutely so
because for a while you didn't put
yourself forward first and now you're
trying to put yourself first
and it's and you gotta let me know if i
say this too much okay because i just
love the phrase now
it's a barrage of dicks
right and so now it's kind of like okay
so like what do we do about this
like what do we do for you anita how can
we help you
find friendships i think part of is
boundaries because
i i don't
so a lot of the people around me are
people who are trying to get in a
relationship with me and it's a pattern
they'll hit on me a little bit hit on me
a little bit and i'll go that's really
sweet of you to be so nice
um and that i'll try so hard to be
accepting but at the same time there's a
new thing
as he am i allowed to acknowledge that
this feels like he's hating on me am i
allowed to
is that thing i can do because it feels
conceited to jump to conclusions
so i give them the benefit of the doubt
and go maybe this person is just being
nice
maybe i can still hold hope that people
can just be nice for the sake of it but
there's a pattern and i'm already
recognizing it and people are commenting
on it and going i think this person
likes you i think this person likes you
and just like uh i don't wanna i don't
wanna face it i don't wanna
because if if this is real if this is
what's happening then i'm going to lose
a friend
and it doesn't matter what situation no
matter what angle i take it from
i'm going to lose a friend and then ah
um
it gets to the point where i have to
have the discussion thank you for all
these things but i just want you to know
and don't take this personally
um a lot of people do this and it's
because they're interested in me and
in case you're interested in me i'm not
looking for a relationship right now i
don't i don't make it impersonal i'm
just like i'm not looking to date anyone
i'm not interested in anyone right now
rather than directing it directly at
them i'm not going to like these are all
the reasons i'd never [ __ ] you because
that's really mean and unnecessary
um and usually the response is oh i
didn't like you anyway it's not like
that i'm just being nice to you okay
and then from there they carry on doing
it
and the most common pattern i get is
people pretending they're not hitting on
me until it hits
until it sticks they're like um no means
no until it means yes
it's how people take that they still
hold out hope unless i crush them and
even if i crush them sometimes they hold
out hope
and so i'm in this horrible position
where it's not appropriate
to be cruel or direct anyway it's not
like i could just explode and go
you gave me some stuff and i just want
you to know i'd never [ __ ] you in a
million years it's not okay to do that
but the gentle approach doesn't work and
it's really frustrating i'm trapped and
they keep pushing and pushing and doing
all the stuff i know
is love bombing and i don't know how to
say stop and it doesn't stop and i just
end up
really unhappy and uncomfortable all the
time it's happened to me with roommates
it's happened to me with friends it's
happened to me
so many people and they push and push
and they want to take more and more they
want to take more of my time and they
guilt trip me if i don't spend time with
them if i don't play games with them
they're pushing and like they they want
to talk all the time they know i'm busy
they get angry at me if i don't message
back and tell them about my day
like they start to want more and more
and more and it makes me more and more
uncomfortable
and i pull back more and more and more
because everyone around me knows
i'm busy i struggle to keep up with
messages and even these people who hit
on me know this
but they still pressure me and it really
it's such a struggle because i don't
want to hurt their feelings and i enjoy
their friendship and i don't want to
have to push them away
but they're pulling pulling pulling so
much that the only thing i have left to
do is push
and so this friendship starts to get
ruined in increments i start to dislike
spending time with them and feel
uncomfortable
and i feel guilty about it and like i
can't say anything because they're being
nice to me
and then eventually i have to let them
down and the first time i let them down
they won't accept it ever nobody ever
does
no matter how i approach it whether i'm
direct or soft they don't
acknowledge i've said no and they keep
pushing and pushing after
and they start doing weird [ __ ] this is
where the weird territory starts to
happen like waiting for me to be really
drunk to try and kiss me
and things like this you know all this
stuff that gets dodgy
and this is where things really bad
things have started to happen to me as
well from people who just
don't take no for an answer and the
problem with that is that they're
usually really nice people
usually they're people no one would ever
suspect of being weird and creepy
but it gets like that and i feel like
it's my
fault for not just deleting them from my
life sooner
and i should have done it earlier and
earlier and early i knew they were
hitting on me i knew they weren't
listening to me
and it happened so [ __ ] much and it
happens with nice guys that everybody
likes that are deep in my friendship
groups and people i don't feel like i
can challenge
and it's so hard and awkward and risky
and terrifying
and i've had like so much happen to me
um
because i just don't know how to
navigate this and set boundaries and i
want
friends as well i keep holding out hope
that maybe they'll just give up
and they'll accept my friendship and
they never [ __ ] do
so the worst case scenario is sexual
assault but the best case scenario is
the friendship
dies because they're disappointed and it
hurts too much to hang out with me
and there is no middle ground and there
is nothing fun about this and i keep
getting my heart broken by people that i
try to connect with
over and over again
that sounds terrible
it's hard it's awkward it's risky
it's terrifying
i get the sense
oh it's like sort of like this history
repeating itself this like inevitability
i kind of imagine that like you see you
know a bright
like a little spot in the distance and
it's like
the the light of a train and no matter
what you do inevitably that light grows
and grows and grows and grows and grows
until that train is like
bearing down on you and that there's
there's a lot of just
there's a lot of like just fate
in what you're saying that like no
matter what you do whether you change
yourself whether you change people
whether you try to set boundaries and
you're a dick to people
or you're nice to people like there's
just this inevitability of like you know
the moon coming crashing down onto earth
no matter what you do
there's an incredible gravity to what
you're describing
that's what i'm hearing from you that's
what i'm feeling from you
is that how it feels yeah but i keep
trying i keep holding out hope and i
think that's what's got me into so many
bad situations is that
i keep holding out hope that maybe i'm
just paranoid or maybe i'm just you know
like and then i let it continue for way
too long because i'm either
telling myself it's not okay to
acknowledge it's happening i shouldn't
be so full of myself not everyone
fancies you anita
um or like i try to push them away and
it doesn't work
yeah that's what i was about to say it's
like it seems like you're damned if you
do damned if you don't
it's like either you're mean to them and
then it ruptures the friendship or
you're kind to them and they start
pushing boundaries and wait until you're
drunk
so anita i have two options for you okay
i'd love to try to help you with this
i do think that you can be helped by the
way um
and and oddly enough the reason that i
have hope is because there's a pattern
so in my experience where there's a
pattern there's room for understanding
and once there's understanding then you
can change
we certainly see a pattern here um
so let me start by this i've got two
options for you
one is the smart option it's the logical
option
the other is the shot in the dark it's
the thing that's more likely to be wrong
but may actually be potentially helpful
but the chances of that are
very low you want to go for the shot in
the dark
or the more reliable thing
let's just talk about both because for
me i've tried so many options and failed
that you know
which one first that's right
i'm curious about the shot in the dark
okay so there's a lot of negative space
in this conversation
okay and what i mean by negative space
is you're talking a lot about one thing
and what we're what i'm i'm hearing a
conspicuous absence that actually once
i mention it hopefully this makes sense
to people and i don't really know that
this is where the money is in fact
you're pointing really really hard in
one direction
with where your problem is and what you
want and what i'm noticing is that the
harder you drive in one direction the
more you're moving away from something
else
that seems like the very opposite of
where the answer is
so that is this do you want a romantic
relationship
i don't know
i don't know i mean i've been on the odd
date here and there
that's not worked out um
so i think there is a part of me that
wants to but
i'm also really really really happy on
my own and i do
so much better in life on my own i'm
much happier on my own
and so um you know it feels like
i'm content where i'm at but if the
right person comes along i'm happy to
you know bring someone into my life um
but unfortunately a lot of the people
that are attracted to me are not very
healthy or good for me like a lot of
these people uh graphic i
tend to a lot of people who are very
um dark in their behavior
tend to gravitate towards me and so
yeah i've been on a few dates they
didn't work out and
that's about as far as it's gone i've
been i've been alone for quite a while
now
okay so i'm gonna repeat back
your answer as i heard it
and i want you to tell me whether you
answered the question so i asked you do
you want a relationship
and you started off by saying i've been
on a few dates
it tends to not work out well
i'm somewhat content and if the right
person comes along
i'd think about it but generally
speaking
the wrong person comes along did you
answer my question
yeah i think i don't know if the right
person comes along then sure
is is is an answer i'd say that's the
closest thing to the answer
right so i think it's interesting
because you said i don't know and then
you kind of talked about your
experiences
and i wonder where there's whether
there's value so like i'm just going to
ask you the question again
do you want a relationship
no i don't think i do why not
i think if you'd asked me this question
like a month or two ago i
said yeah i want a relationship because
i was trying
even and i i think i've settled into a
mentality very recently where i'm just
like
this is actually pretty awesome like
ah i'm noticing more and more that i'm
making
room for myself to read to learn
to do stuff for my stream to spend time
with animals and you know really
grow and do all the stuff i've wanted to
do and made excuses not to
and i feel like i'm discovering what i'm
capable of
all over again i did that when i started
doing animal rescue work and it was
really dangerous and scary and i
pushed through a lot of fear and did a
lot of stuff that made me feel great i
was like wow i'm capable of a lot more
than i thought and
i feel like being alone especially
in lockdown and not really seeing anyone
i've really
enjoyed it just just having some space
and time to
actually attend to stuff my own needs
for once
and not think about pleasing anyone and
you know all this messy stuff with
boundaries and people hitting on me i've
enjoyed the respite
from it and i don't i don't think i need
anyone in my life right now
and i think it'd be bad to ha
i feel like if you have holes and you're
lonely if you should fill it with your
own [ __ ] i don't think that you should
get with someone because you have needs
i think you should get with someone
because
you're happy and you have some extra
time and love to give someone
available um rather than it just being
like i need someone because i'm bored
i'm scared i'm alone i need someone to
love me because i don't love my
myself i think i'm in a good position to
have a partner but because i'm in a good
position to have a partner
i don't actually need one
um once again a lot of wisdom
anita a lot of wisdom coming from you
today
thanks that no i i don't think i want a
relationship and
and yeah i'm perfectly happy living my
own life
okay i'm gonna
just think about what you said for a
second if that's okay
so here's what i'd say so i think that i
love your answer
right so you're you're learning to be
with yourself
you've prioritized other people over you
whether they be your mom
the animals that you take care of your
bunny your gigantic bunny you have a
gigantic bunny still
yeah he's been compared to me
[Laughter]
um you know the random friends that you
know lean on you for support and stuff
you're learning how to be with yourself
i do think it's very
like it's like one of these profound you
know
um statements where you're kind of like
i don't need someone and that's why in a
sense
maybe i'm ready because i i can be with
myself
yeah i think that there's a lot of merit
there i i wonder
on some level whether there's something
under the surface there too
i think it's maybe not worth digging
into but there
there's still i'm getting an
undercurrent of like something left
underneath there i don't think we need
to get into it but i'm curious whether
you know if we end up talking again like
a couple months from now or things like
that or if you actually do wind up
actually i think this becomes relevant
if you wind up in a relationship
that you want maybe there are other
feeling i'm just getting the sense that
there are some feelings there that are
left unaddressed
um and it sort of makes sense and i'm
i'm glad that we could move you from an
i don't know to a no
because i think it's important to kind
of like map that out
because the implication of everything
you've been saying is that you don't
want a romantic relationship right
you're saying like
i want friendships i want people who
want me for me i actually don't want to
like you've been saying this whole time
i don't want a
romantic relationship which is why it
sounds kind of weird that like maybe i
just went out there and asked the
question but just to confirm like let's
be clear
that you don't want one
and then the reason why not is that that
you're basically working on yourself for
now
and you're learning to prioritize the
things that you've neglected
in the pursuit of taking care of other
people anita is taking some much needed
me time
right and that's fantastic i can support
that
any questions about that or do you want
to talk further about this or should we
switch gears
to the more important part
that's good what's the more important
part so here's the thing anita
let's let's just assume for a second
that everything that you said
is exactly as you said it okay that you
are someone who
seems to attract men
and women and they sort of continuously
fall for you
and want everything from sex to
love in a deep meaningful soulful
relationship
so the first question is are you is that
different from most people's experiences
yes or no what do you think
it's not very different from my mom's
experiences my mom gets this a lot too
and i've watched her struggle with it
her whole life from a young age
guys used to bump heads trying to kiss
her hand at the same time and
they get so distracted by her they'd get
caught in the bus doors and be dragged
by buses and things like
uh there were always women who were
trying to tear her down and socially
sabotage her because
they're jealous that their boyfriend
fancied her and things like this my
mom's always had people
stalk her and things like this she had
like a herd of stalkers one of them
carved her a wooden dildo
we now use it as a self-def defense
stick if in case of emergency which is
hilarious
um but there have been yeah my mom's the
only person i know in my life
cues like this to you but me and her
temperament and the way we engage with
people is so different my mom is very
blunt
very noble [ __ ] and after everything
she's gone through
i don't blame her like i'm a lot more
gentle with people
um like my mom i confide in her about it
i'm like what do i do and she gives me
really good
advice sometimes because she's
experienced so much of it but at the
same time she's like
i would make this recommendation but
you're too much of a nice person
like sometimes she's like i the way that
i'd approach this
you wouldn't do and so i often end up
feeling stuck in situations because i
know that her
approach is a lot more let's say direct
and angry sometimes um
yeah just kind of d i'm gonna restate my
question and i'm going to repeat the
answer that i heard
is it is it a normal experience or
abnormal experience to have
people continuously want you
fall in love with you etc and you said
well it seems similar to my mom's
experience
right and then you went on to point out
some differences between your mom fine
so fine so that you and your mom share
an experience cool that's actually a
really important data point that we'll
visit in a second
is it a normal or abnormal experience
compared to other people
uh i mostly hang out with dudes and i
don't know any of them who go through
this except one i know one dude who goes
through this
so most of the people i know don't go
through this okay so
i would say that you know if you talk to
women on the internet
many of them will say that some of this
behavior is common
um and and so we've had streams about
that but
i also have never met anyone
who has been unable to find friends or
have
their friendships including their female
friendships continuously wrecked by
whatever this is
so in this sense i think you're an
outlier right so we're going to approach
this scientifically
and we're going to start by forget about
psychology and all that kind of crap and
like
do you want a relationship oh my god
what's going on inside you do you put
yourself first you put yourself second
like forget about all that
let's look at it and look at it
scientifically so first thing is like
is this are you an outlier right and
what would you say yes or no
i'm actually unsure i i would want a
larger sample of
of women's experiences before i could
say
okay because i know it's uncommon among
men and they're the people that i mostly
hang out with i have some female friends
throughout the past but
most of them i lost to this situation as
well
that i'm in so let me ask you this or
is it a common experience for human
beings to be unable to make friends
yes not just not for this reason it's
hard for early adults to make friends
but for this reason probably it's
unusual maybe
i don't know i am actually genuinely
unsure that's totally fine so so
i'd say you're an outlier
so the word like so anita you're a siren
you know what a siren is guys remember
this [ __ ]
i do yeah right so what's your
understanding of what a siren is or what
what do you
she sits on the rocks and she sings
beautiful songs and men
you know see men get enchanted and they
crash their ships
on the rocks sound like you
i think the difference between me and a
siren is intent
absolutely completely agree but like
like
when i see you and i hear your your
story
it sounds to me like a siren right like
there's like something weird
you have some musk or there's something
going on with you
where like people are drawn to you and
they start out as like
you're you've tried everything in in the
books right so like let's think about it
scientifically you've tried to be an
[ __ ]
you've tried to be nice you've tried to
set boundaries you've tried to
you know be very clear with people and
say i'm not interested in this
you've tried to just be friends you've
tried to fix people
you've tried to change yourself and none
of it's working which tells me that
there's some kind of siren song
so then we say like okay so if none of
that stuff is working then like why are
these people drawn to you
because what i'm hearing is that people
are drawn to you it's not even like
something you're doing
right if you think about a siren song
sure there's intent and they want to
crash
and so maybe not a great example but
what i'm noticing is like the word
it's not that you're doing something
you're not luring them
they are drawn to you
does that make sense like i'm just
observing this based on what you're
saying
[Music]
and i think there's an inhibiting factor
of like
i don't see myself the way that these
people do and it's difficult to try and
understand it
because i don't feel particularly
attractive or interesting i don't feel
like i'm the kind of person that's worth
making this much fuss about
like in my situation if i fell for
someone
and they didn't reciprocate they they
didn't want to be with me
and they were saying no a lot i wouldn't
keep trying i wouldn't go man you're
making noises as if you have a choice
but you'll like me eventually i can
earn it like yours your attention can be
a reward if i'm just
epic enough you know and i just i just i
wouldn't think like that if i have to
try to get someone to like me i'll move
on to someone who actually likes me
effortlessly
i don't understand why people think that
it's worth being degraded and pushed
away
and just being rejected over and over
for me
i'm not neurotypical i'm a pain in the
ass like most of my friends have to
enjoy the odd slap
or a smack or like punch or whatever
because of my tics
and you know they're very patient and
tolerant and i can't see how
having to tolerate someone who's not
allowed and brash and annoying and
embarrassing to be around like
the kind of ticks i have like we'll be
playing chess in a calf
and stuff and i'll be like do you like
dick and before they've even answered
i'll be like he likes dick
and just shouting to everyone else in
the in the room like people have to be
so patient with me
and i can't see any reason why this
happens and it feels wrong to ask and go
why do you like me why are you willing
to go through all this
why are you willing to put up with all
of this why is it worth putting up with
the rejection
me not liking you why is it worth
putting up with my condition
and i'm i feel like a very bland and
mediocre woman do you know how many
brunettes with brown eyes like small
you know there's no i'm a very average
looking person here in the uk
it doesn't it doesn't feel like i the
way that people are
nothing that makes sense to me nothing
that feels usable
or changeable what's their answer
the most common one is that there isn't
anyone like me
what do you think about that
that literal [ __ ] one what do i do
with that
everyone's unique it's the most generic
aspect of any living being ever we all
have unique experiences we all have
unique personalities
we're all individuals i literally can't
do anything about
that
[Laughter]
it doesn't help me at all
how does it make so sure you can't do
anything about it
how does it make you feel
defeated why
what's defeated because if they could
give me an
answer that i could use to change the
direction this
the shipwreck if we're gonna go with the
siren analogy okay it's actually a good
one right because it ends up as a
shipwreck
yeah and it's like i'm not singing
because i want the seamen to come and
crash
on the rocks i'm singing because i'm
alone and i want to enjoy something and
have fun and be myself i'm singing
because i like the song
not because i like them they're the ones
throwing themselves at me
and the only other option is to sit
there silently
alone and not be myself which would make
me miserable
and so i i kind of feel like i want to
sing my song i want to be myself i just
don't want it to be
a shipwreck for everyone around me and
none of the answers i'm getting are
helping me avoid it
i'm gonna need to think about that is
that cool
someone just said wait till you're in
your 30s i am in my 30s
[Laughter]
owned
people always like oh it must be so hard
people liking you all the time boo hoo
and no one empathizes with me
but the thing is as well i had this
illusion that it was all going to end
it's kind of tragic how as well
because when i was like 9 or 10 like i
would go to like
parties and stuff and like people's
people who were had wives in the next
room
were hitting on me in their 40s and i
thought and this and it was creepy and
uncomfortable and what i learned from it
was
oh there are a lot of dudes who crave
young people
like when i'm a young teenager when i've
just hit puberty and stuff this is gonna
be a problem
but when i'm a grown-up people won't
even like me even if i get a husband
they won't even like me and i'll be free
and i watch this go on and on and on for
my mom she's now 50
and it's still the same problem and i'm
losing hope because i'm 30 and i have
more people doing this to me than ever
okay man there's just so much here okay
hmm so many directions let me try to let
me try to tie one thing up
just something for you to think about so
here's what i see i see like
as a scientist i'm making observations
and what i see is that your
you and your mom seem to be sirens of
some sort
right so the interesting thing is that
the fact that there's something going on
here and it's not just the way of the
world and there's something either that
you were doing
or exuding that
causes people or influences people to
react to you in the way that they do
i think the fact that your mom does it
or it's happening to your mom
makes it more likely that there's
something going on here
right so either it's genetic or it's
like behavioral
and because we internalize the
mannerisms of our parents
right so so like you know my kids do
some of the things that i do and it's
kind of like
it's weird because i'm kind of academic
and then you know my kids will sometimes
be like academic with me
it's kind of bizarre but like we pick
things up from our family
so i think you've picked something up or
there's some sort of genetic pheromone
kind of business going on
where like we can sort of accept that in
a bizarre way in
in sort of an outlier way that men and
women even
so that's the real thing right it's like
you can have female friends
who will fall in love with you and
become sexually attracted to you as well
and so there's something going on here
so if there's a phenomenon that is an
outlier
it's my experience as both both a
scientist and a clinician
that there's a pattern there there's
like some kind of like order to that
and if we try to look at it we may find
something
with me so
and i'm going to toss out one thing
which maybe i've talked to you about
before but i think
one potential hypothesis because i've
seen this in women before
so i worked with a few women who are you
know
the men just seem to be like
drawn to them like moths to a flame
and what i tend to find actually is that
some of these women i think
you know this is going to sound kind of
weird but i'm going to use some
terminology from like
the system of like yoga and the hindu
tradition
because i think it captures
it's a way of describing the world that
i think we don't really have good words
or concepts in the west
so in in the tradition of yoga or more
specifically
tantra tantra they sort of
talk about a feminine energy and so that
like if you think about the capacity
to create life like comes from women it
doesn't come from men
so the male contribution is generally
speaking minimal
and that like if you really think about
like you know
creating a new organism is primarily
something that women do
men don't do and so they sort of
equate this to like this kind of
feminine energy
which is also like sort of maternal in
nature and if we kind of think about
like
anthropology and sort of the idea of
like maternal figure ads
like figures and sort of like feminine
energy like maternal energy
we can even think about it like you know
we call earth a mother
right so it's like mother earth and so
like that which gives life and that
which sustains us you can kind of look
at it
in a literary fashion you can look at it
sort of in an energetic fashion which is
kind of how the east looks at it my
sense is that you have an
energy right because it's weird it's
like it's not just in your behaviors
it's not
if we look at it scientifically we can
say it's not the way you look because
you look
average it's not what you wear because
you've changed that so you've adjusted
all of these variables and despite
any of those variables being adjusted it
makes no difference
therefore those variables are not those
are independent
of whatever this thing is and the best
the best words i can give you is that
you've got a particular energy
and i've seen this before because
sometimes what happens is like you're
just this authentic person
and that's the answer that you get when
you ask people why are you in love with
me and they say
you're just you right so there's
something incredibly pure
about like what you give off to other
people
and so i think that that frankly a lot
of men are are so
starved for authenticity
and acceptance and like you accept them
as a pure friend
right like you don't think about them in
loss
in terms of lust you don't think about
them in terms of rejecting them for
being a romantic partner or accepting
them for a romantic partner
you treat them for who they are and you
want just a pure friendship
with nothing else on the line and that
kind of like
authenticity and almost like maternal
acceptance
right it's almost like you're like a mom
who's like you just be you and i'll
accept you for who you are
all of your flaws i've tried to fix
people and that [ __ ] doesn't work
so i'm not gonna do that anymore i'm
just gonna take you for who you are and
we can hang out from time to time
i won't judge you i won't fall in love
with you i won't expect you to buy me
dinner
i won't do any of that i'm just going to
be me and you're just going to be you
and it's going to be cool and we're
going to hang out we're going to have a
good time
and there's something incredibly
refreshing about that because that's not
the world we live in
right the world that we live in is one
of judgment
and you're not good enough and i want
you to be this and i should be more of
this and i should be less of this
social media i should be taller i should
make more money i'm on tinder and i'm
five eight and they're all these
profiles that say if you're under six
feet no need to apply
and along comes anita
and anita accepts me for who i am
and then this is kind of unfortunate for
you but then what happens is like these
dudes get confused
and what i mean by that is that like uh
my gender often times doesn't
understand what we feel and we've
actually been
conditioned to like equate some things
like
pure acceptance with a romantic
relationship
because yeah i i agree with you but i
found a different path to the same
conclusion
a while back you see for me i don't
really believe in femininity and
masculinity i think that if we deny that
um men are nurturing and caring then why
do we let them be fathers like i think
paternity is a thing i think that
the differences between the male and
female brain are usually socially
conditioned because
we live in a society that benefits um
from financially from
diverting 50 of labor to an unpaid group
and if you make um nurturing and
expectation
you get free caring for the elderly and
young you get free nurses you get you
get to pay them a lower wage yeah this
is your job you're a woman you're
supposed to take care of people
they become the therapists and the
cleaners and the people who just
maintain [ __ ] in the home
if 50 of the workforce is an unpaid or
lower paid group and
particularly all the fields that women
dominate are on a low paid
then you know it benefits society i
noticed that pattern but then there were
loads of studies that reinforced it if
you put people in a submissive
permission position tell them they're
not as good or lower than
some sort of way they immediately adopt
feminine traits
regardless of their gender so they'll
start grooming
taking care of people sucking up to
people it's it's a thing that people put
into a group of submission dude not
specifically a female
thing i've read lots of studies by
neuroscientists who are saying like the
differences between the male and female
brain are being over represented and
that you know i don't think it's because
women are naturally nurturing
i think that it's because we don't tell
dudes it's okay to feel
from a young age we point them and go
big boys don't cry shut up
this is beneath you only women do this
but you're strong you're better you're a
man you don't cry you don't emote and we
don't give dudes the
permission or the space to explore their
feelings and verbalize them from a young
age and a lot of people grow up going i
don't know how i feel sometimes i feel
angry sometimes i feel lust and these
are the two
most represented male emotions in media
they beat up their problems and they
[ __ ] all the women and so we give
permission to be honey and we give
permission to be angry or in control but
we don't give permission to be
vulnerable we don't give permission to
self-assess to talk about feelings and a
lot of people there's much more suicide
among men
than women and when you listen to them
they're saying i didn't have room to
speak
i didn't i felt like people would call
me a [ __ ] i didn't have room to be
vulnerable i thought i had to be a
protector
and so when you put men in this position
in their friend groups if you talk about
your feelings you're a [ __ ] and people
are scared to speak up
and from that position that's so
socially conditioned
position um when you make a friend who
lets you talk about your feelings when
you make a friend who isn't vying for
dominance when you make a friend who
doesn't expect you to be a man
they expect you to be yourself you see
it as a form of intimacy
and the thing is that's so different to
a female friendship because when i'm
with girls
we talk about our feelings and our
dreams we're allowed to be vulnerable
nobody cares nobody judges in that
environment it's fine
and so when women take that level of
friendship that they've grown up being
used to
and do that with a dude they're like
i've never had this before this person
cares what i have to say they're
invested in my feelings they don't judge
me
and it's a unique kind of friendship and
to a woman this looks like friendship
into a dude this looks like a form of
intimacy they've never experienced
before and so it feels like a higher
level of closeness than a friendship and
i've seen this happen a thousand times
even with other people's friendships
i've seen that mistake and i know it i
know it exists
i know that king of the hill without it
is such a relief and that friendships
where you get to be
have a break where you're not judged and
you are loved and you do have
a space to talk about who you are and
discover who you are some people like i
didn't know who i was or i didn't know
how i felt about things until i met you
giving guys space to be themselves
unjudged is a
really favorite thing of mine tell guys
they're beautiful compliment the way
they look because they don't hear it
enough that sort of thing
but i make it clear from the beginning
that i do this with all of my friends i
do it to other friends in front of them
so they know it's not floating
i also talk about how it gets
misconstrued as flowing so they know
that this is a thing
and they'll still overestimate the way
they feel around me
and assume i feel it too even if i start
avoiding them when they try to indulge
it
and so look i've communicated about this
aspect i'm not gonna drop the way i'm
friends with people i think it's
important to show people that they can
be supported whether no matter what
dangly doodads they got going on in
their pants
i'm gonna treat a dude the same way i
treat a woman and that's fine and i'll
let them know it
often gets misconstrued and if they
still misconstrue it that's [ __ ] on
them but i swear to god i make sure they
have all the information there and they
still do it
and like i've literally told every male
friend ever that i have to tell guys to
stop hitting on me
and that if i want to be with someone
i'll make it known first
and i hate it when people hit on me and
they still do it
okay so then let me ask you a question
so if you make things crystal clear for
them
what effect do you think that has
on all the societal stuff you talked
about
none i don't try to change that no no
but like you're saying
they've been conditioned right and so
you tell them hey
i'm just gonna be like friends with you
this is something
we discuss things that are emotionally
sensitive i do it with all my friends
i'm gonna do it with you too because
that's who i am
and then they discuss their emotions you
guys become
an intimacy of a different kind
and then what do you ex how do you
expect them to respond
well the thing is i
expect them to see it as friendship
because i've laid down how i am friends
with people
and they know this is how i interact
with people great
right so so i'm going to give you an
example that's sort of like a bizarre
counter example so sometimes
i work with men and women who
and unfortunately i think this is harder
sometimes on women but you'll
they'll have friends with benefits right
and then like
oftentimes what happens is people will
be crystal clear at the beginning and
they'll say like hey we're just friends
and from time to time we're going to
have like sexual relations
we're going to be friends with benefits
but i don't want to date you i'm going
to be super transparent
i'm not in love with you and then both
people agree
and then oftentimes what happens is like
one person catches feelings
right and then like the other person
gets kind of frustrated because they're
like hey we talked about this ahead of
time
like we said this was just friends and
benefits we had a conversation about it
i was very clear that i'm not interested
in a relationship
and then the other person is now pushing
for a relationship
does that scenario make sense to you or
i mean
i know that you tend to be in the
opposite kind of yeah
see what i see there is that you don't
choose how you feel
and that if you put yourself repeatedly
in a situation that people do often feel
in love that it happens
and the the sad thing about emotions is
they can escape
logic like you can understand how
something works
and still end up feeling it sure
absolutely right so as you said if you
put yourself in a situation that people
usually feel loved then like logic can
kind of go out the window
and and you know the emotions can start
to take over
so if we look at your relationships
where you're emotionally intimate with
people and you kind of explain to them
for the get-go hey this is what this is
this is not what this is and then you do
something that is
they've that men are sort of conditioned
to feel a particular way because usually
that kind of emotional intimacy comes
hand in hand with a relationship
then we can kind of see the result
right just like you said it's sort of
like you you're putting yourself in this
situation
where or they're putting themselves in a
situation where even though you've
explained things
all that logic which may be on some
level they understand can kind of go out
the window once they start catching
feelings because that's what we're
talking about right
is that they become really really
irrational with the way that they start
relating to you
and so i think that there's something to
be understood here now i'm not saying
that you need to
change the way that you interact with
your friends because you're allowed to
be you
but i i can sort of see like i think if
there's a pattern here there's
there's got to be a reason for it
yeah right and and now we get to to what
you said
earlier which is sort of like i don't
know what to do about it right because
you're not willing to compromise some
things and this gets back to the idea of
like
self blame for attraction and
responsibility for attraction and things
like that
and and this is where i i think you have
to be really really careful anita
because i think
there's something going on here which i
don't even think we've touched on and
i'm not sure what it is
there's some part of me that honestly
thinks that given your upbringing
there is some part of you so when you
when you have a child
whose needs are not met
right and what i mean by that is that
like it's not that anyone was abusive
towards you or anything like that but
that
literally like there was someone in your
household who demanded a lot of your
attention and you had to become a mother
very early
right and so when you have a situation
like that i'm not sure if any of this
actually applies to you because i
i can't actually detect it i'm just
letting you know oftentimes what i see
is that like there's a there's a
starving
for affection or there's a starving for
love or there's a starving for something
that that child carries with them
and i suspect that the thing that we may
be missing here
is that in some way you were starved for
what the people are giving you
because i think the really crazy thing
is that anytime i see a behavior in
someone
that seems really really harmful and
maladaptive
there's usually a damn good reason for
it
well here's the thing my response to
that though
is that i think i've already taken that
part of the journey
because when i was a kid first up we had
a we had like my mom had boyfriends
who'd come in and out of my
life i had like a father figure for a
while but he would snap
he would turn from he was in our lives
for nine years
i i was glad we pushed my
like we were pushed away from my dad i
was happy with that decision i was
surprised they stayed alone
together as long as they did i saw his
impact on other people that he ended up
raising i'm really glad
that we stepped away from him i do not
crave a father figure i did not crave a
father figure i was glad of the space
i've been escaping people my whole life
usually people were very dangerous
i used to go and break out of my house
in childhood and just go walking in the
graveyard at like 3am just to be away
further away no one was bothering me
just to be further away from humans
i was very comfortable even though i was
lonely
being away from people and pretty much
seeing them as a threat
and then i did feel very lonely for a
while and agrophobic and scared and sad
and alone
and i got in a chain of relationships
one for a year
one for six years another for six years
and so
i coped by putting all of my needs on
one person and it was very codependent
and unhealthy in a multitude of ways and
it made me put up with a lot of abuse
that i didn't and shouldn't have needed
to
um i came out of that developing a sense
of self proving to myself what i'm
capable of and looking for just
friends and in this whenever i make
friends with people
i don't crave attention i'm not the kind
of person who immediately reacts to dms
and needs to know what they say now i'm
not the kind of person who chases people
i never chase after people i'm kind of
really lazy friend when it comes to
arranging things and seeing people
i cannot see someone in months and still
feel good that i know them
and so i don't pursue people and i don't
feel particularly desperate for
attention
um and so from that perspective i don't
feel like these people fulfill a need
i the only need i have now is i want
platonic friendships i
i kind of feel like i don't need the
attention and i feel very very
comfortable without it i spend a lot of
time alone and i don't get bored of it
or desperate for affection or attention
but i do think that i did go through a
time where i had that need
and i used to seek it in relationships i
saw unhealthy how unhealthy it was i
worked through it i got over there i got
out of that situation
but with me i kind of feel as well
um i don't think that these people do
fulfill a need i feel endlessly
like they don't fulfill a need because
they are
looking to [ __ ] me and it feels too
conceited to recognize what's going on
early
so i go through this place where i they
keep pushing my boundaries
anita let me ask you a question so so
this is really helpful
do you think that's being someone who
continuously needs to be
[ __ ] and and being really frustrated
does that feeling of who you are fulfill
any kind of need
what you mean what it's a weird ass
question
yeah absolutely so not their behavior
okay but their behavior makes you feel
like a particular kind of person
right so you feel a particular way
when they treat you a certain way right
and that way that way feels painful
yeah right i know it sounds really weird
really really weird i'll give you an
example in a second does
feeling that way feel
comfortable or right to you in some way
it feels familiar and i know that people
tend to do this awful dance with things
that feel familiar and if it's not
really what they want
yep it's called a life trap people get
trapped in a pattern of behavior where
they don't want it but they've known it
their whole lives and don't know how to
be anything else
and this is why people who were sexually
abused as children are more likely to
end up becoming sex workers
even if it's a very painful thing for
them and they don't really want to be
there it's so familiar that it ends up
being a life trap
and this is one example of many people
who relive something
freud recognized it as repetition
compulsion and it's one of the few
things that he
threw out there and it actually stuck um
he was wrong about a lot of things but
repetition compulsion is still something
that therapists recognize and work
around and you know
point out in people to this day and i
knew about this from a young age i read
about it when i was like nine or ten
after going through some pretty
horrendous things myself this is why i
felt like i avoided that sort of life
trap where i'd end up
in a lot of the positions that people
with [ __ ] up lives do
because i knew that there'd be a risk
factor for it and the familiarity with
it
and so i know exactly what you're trying
to point out here am i purposely
unwittingly
putting myself in positions where that
are familiar
as a trap almost like a repetition
compulsion
that's literally what i was thinking
about
because i've already explored this and
what's your sense
um so i think this was the reason why i
tried so many different approaches
at interacting with people and to loads
of different people i thought if i
hung out with people who were generally
very nice that maybe mean people
wouldn't hang out with me and you know
i wouldn't on all sorts no no but that's
why you tried to do what you do what do
you think about it though
do i think that i'm in a situation of
repetition compulsion
yes i think i would have to be able to
accurately assess
why people like me to be able to
introduce it
purposely i feel like it's difficult to
pin
i where i went with that is like can i
pinpoint a time where i try to make
people attracted to me where i've hit on
them or done things that might seem
seductive
and then looked back on it and blamed
myself and been like yeah my bad or
whatever
i can't find anything i need to suggest
okay
you're so so here's the thing so so
first of all it may not be repetition
compulsion but sure as hell sounds like
it
okay so let me let me explain to people
because [ __ ] a you were really smart
i mean i'm very impressed
so here's here's so this is why i'm
going to just lay it out for you okay so
a lot of times i have to like
like lead people to it or try to catch
him with it or something like that but
it's great
so i was absolutely leaning towards the
repetition convulsive compulsion so
let's talk about it
so the first thing is that you have a
pattern in your social interactions
right you're an outlier
your mom is an outlier so what does that
tell us so either you have something
either you know there's either there's a
cognitive bias where you're not really
an outlier
or there's something going on that
is causing people to treat you a
particular way
and then what happens is that you say
like okay if if i'm the issue then i'm
gonna change myself and you tried that
because you're a scientist at heart
right so you tried wearing a trench coat
you tried doing this you tried doing
that you tried doing this you tried to
change yourself
and then you're like [ __ ] this i'm gonna
stop blaming myself for people being
attracted to me
it's not on me it's on them then you
went the route of let me try to change
them
because that's where the problem is and
that didn't work either
right and so then you're like okay well
now i don't know what to do because no
matter what i do i find myself in the
situation
if i change myself it doesn't work if i
change them it doesn't work i'm screwed
no matter which way i do it it's
incredibly frustrating i'm incredibly
angry and then you say
okay fine so if this is the repetition
compulsion what i need to do is look at
people that i'm attracted to
whereas i think that's actually this is
where hopefully i can help you
i don't think that's the case that you
need to look at in fact i think it's the
exact
opposite of the case that you need to
look at what i would suspect
okay and this is by suspect i don't
necessarily think this is true i mean
this is a hypothesis that needs to be
tested
okay so i'm going to put it to you
plainly
i want you to find a case where you do
have a friend
where you really have a friend because
what you're telling me is that the
the relationship evolves over time right
at the beginning so sure there's the
barrage of dicks but the real
tragedy sure people dehumanize you all
they want to do is get their willy wet
whatever you want to call it
there's that camp of people but the real
tragedy anita really what
the place where my heart goes out to you
is that there are some people who don't
start out in that camp
and then suddenly they transform on you
and that's what sounds like it real
sucks a bag of dicks
right that's what's really awful is that
you have people who
are your friends and then like this
beast comes out of them where they like
turn into everyone else
the explanation i've heard is that they
had the intentions
from the start they just didn't feel
comfortable
expressing them and so
yeah i wonder how many are people that
grew
an attraction and how many people were
just playing the long game
because i've had people throw tantrums
you know the
nice guys who are like i listened to
your problems i hung out with you
i believe one time yeah and they're like
i'd like to cash in
i'd like to cash in all of those things
now yeah turning in my tickets
yeah absolutely exactly and you know you
get a lot of people who
um this is why i always get scared about
talking about demisexuality it took me i
made a video about it explaining what it
was it took
demo sexuality i'm not attracted to
people at all
i i am unreceptive to visual stimuli i
thought i was asexual for so [ __ ]
long
and it turns out that i need a
long-standing emotional connection and a
sense of familiarity
to see people through a sexual lens i
can't feel attracted to strangers i've
never had a crush on a celebrity
nothing it just does not work lady boner
does not happen to porn
nothing turns out that there is a group
of people like this there are people
most people are capable of crushing
we're not i have never felt attracted to
anyone i didn't know and it's usually
people i've only known for a few years
that i've ever been able to see
in a sexual way or be attracted to ever
and so this is called demisexuality so
that people can connect with people
who are like this too because it kind of
feels alien in a society where tinder
exists and you look at people's face
and you swipe and you know whether or
not you want to sleep with them based on
that one trait alone from the start
and so a lot of people a lot of people
are lacking that and i just am lacking
it it's dead i don't know what happened
i was just born without the ability to
just be attracted to strangers
just can't um and you wouldn't think
that was a unusual thing plenty of
people oh i prefer
a connection too but you can watch porn
and you can like have
a celebrity crush and [ __ ] like you are
capable of a superficial attraction
i'm just not and um it comes with trials
and tribulations
but i'm so scared about talking about it
because it makes people play the long
game
so like i when i make new friends with
guys and stuff i don't say it
i don't talk about it and you know
people ask me what i look for in a man
all the time
in chat and i'm just like why would it
tell you what to pretend to be to get
close to me
like i'm so wary about it but um
yeah i do have to wonder like it's so
hard i know where you're trying to lead
me here
and i've thought about it too um where
am i trying to lead you
well you're trying to lead me down the
well what makes
people suddenly be attracted to me
during a friendship and it's so hard to
collate the data on whether that's
actually the problem
or if a lot of people disguise their
attraction to me and wait
because they know it takes a long time
for me to know whether i'm attracted to
anybody in the first place
um and so it's very very difficult for
me to assess reliably
at all whether or not it's true that
friends fall in love with me
or people just play the long game so i
think i think that's
that's actually like a great answer
because that tells us i think where the
darkness
and potentially where the answer is
right so like you're saying it's hard
for you to assess and i think that's
exactly why you're in this situation
because
i one of the hypotheses so there's a
number of hypotheses right
and and i would say that given
everything
about your history
this reeks of something like repetition
compulsion or
something like pheromones and i tend to
put more stock in the former than the
latter
and what i'm really really curious about
i would love to see if there are
interactions that you have with people
who are potentially friends which you
unwittingly push into a weird space
right and that may be something as
simple as someone who is actually could
be a friend of yours
you or like it could be like a weird
kind of selection bias where you say
you're not really good at keeping up
with friends and so there may be like
let's say that there are 10
people that you encounter and you're not
good at keeping up with friends so the
ones that would actually end up being
friends
you sort of don't keep up with and who's
left are the people who are secretly
obsessed
yeah that that is something that has
been running a theory of mine for a
while
right so that's why um yeah because um
yeah people who wake up every day and
ask how you're doing in the morning and
say good night at night
like most of my friends aren't like that
but the people who are interested in me
will try to talk to me every single day
even if they don't always cry
yeah so so so i mean there are a lot of
things going on here which i think like
like whether wittingly or unwittingly
like
their influences and this is kind of
what i was saying where i'm not saying
that you should blame yourself for like
being in this situation
sort of it's not really about blame it's
about recognizing that
if there's a pattern in your life
thinking about it critically looking at
it critically which clearly you've done
a shitload of
and i think that's why i mean it's
amazing anita how far you've come
given the hand that you were dealt and
and that's what actually frankly is so
gratifying
to me about having this conversation is
because i've seen people who are at
every stage of where you are but i've
never actually seen someone at this
stage
i've seen people who are in the six-year
codependent relationship because their
mother was sick
when they were growing up and they
learned how to be like a mother at a
young age i've seen that
right i've seen it right so you've been
all of those things and now you're in
this really weird
kind of situation where unfortunately
one of the real challenges in life is
that
when we solve the as we solve problems
they start to get more and more subtle
right so you've done a lot of personal
growth you've developed a lot of
confidence
you've tried to change yourself for
other people you've tried to change
other people you figured out know that
stuff works
so now we're getting to this yoga talks
a lot about this that like
the most difficult problems to solve are
the subtlest
and i think what we're really dealing
with is like really really small stuff
probably in the early stages of your
potential friendships
where either there's a selection bias or
you steer things a certain way
or there are like unconscious reactions
that you have that cause you to deviate
towards the familiar
right and then there's also like really
really simple epidemiologic stuff which
is like you're a twitch streamer
so you're gonna attract a certain kind
of person
but what i'm hearing from you is that
doesn't seem to be that big of a deal
because it sounds like you have a lot of
interactions outside of twitch and stuff
like that and you
should run into normal people but
and the last thing is that you do use
the word friend so it sounds like you
actually have friends
which has been confusing me for a while
so i have my editor i've known him for
10 years
he's amazing he's never hit on me ever
um he's always gone for a different kind
of person which has been oddly
comforting to me
um we've done a lot of rescue work
together but we don't have a close
friendship
and a behavior well we do in some ways
but not most so
what i consider a close friendship is
someone i spend a lot of time with
and i find it really really difficult to
do that with people one of the reasons
why i'm under invested in friendships
is because if i feel like i spend too
much time with someone that
it can fall apart like you give more
room for mistakes for misunderstandings
for
bitterness this sort of stuff so if you
hang out with someone once every couple
of months you play a few games with them
here and there
they are at the right distance where
they can't get over invested in the
friendship and start hitting on you
but you can't you also don't actively
annoy them and if you are mildly
annoying
like once or twice you won't happen
loads and loads in a week and you lose
them so i do hope people ask that
distance
yeah but i mean that's what i'm [ __ ]
talking about that like that's that's
like this is what i'm talking about like
you know this [ __ ]
right and you're like why don't i have
friends and you're like it's because i
hold people at a distance because i'm
afraid if they get too close
then then they're gonna fall in love
with me
i have a few i have a handful of friends
that i've known for years and i love
them deeply
and i feel like it's partly because i've
kept them at just the right distance
i feel like i get to hang out with them
really love those days i spend with them
do you want to spend more time with them
no because then awful things might
happen
okay so see that's where so so you do
this thing a lot where i sometimes
ask you what you want and instead of
answering what you want you talk about
what's gonna happen
true but that those are
there is what you want and there is
what's gonna happen
absolutely but i'm just saying it's
important for you to not
conflate the two i'm not disputing that
that's what's going to happen because
that's been your experience
but i suspect that something around this
realm of stuff right like
if you have a pattern that repeats in
your life
are you responsible for it like should
you blame yourself if men are attracted
to you and change what you wear and
stuff like that like i don't want to go
down that road but
at the same time i do feel that as a
human being you have some degree of
agency and control over your life
and in fact here your story i think
exemplifies that principle that you
were a particular way and you started to
make changes in the way that you treated
yourself you started to make changes in
the kinds of people that you hung out
with
and you're no longer in codependent
relationships with arguably abusive
people
and the next step i think is one of
subtlety where you found that okay
you keep people at arm's length and
they're kind of friends for a while and
if you're too emotionally intimate with
them too quickly
they tend to fall in love with you and
some of them play the long game and what
not and what not and what not all that i
think is perfect
but i think you just keep on moving in
that direction keep on paying attention
to yourself and try to
accelerate a friendship a little bit
more and be
careful because i suspect that sometimes
so there's there's old pattern territory
which is like emotionally intimate
friendships
and then there's new safe friendships
which are kind of
temporally distant or geographically
distant or emotionally distant in like
drips and drops at regular intervals
that doesn't
cross the line into the old familiar
territory
but i think the closer you get to that
border and the more you pay attention to
yourself
there's no [ __ ] way anita that if you
don't explore this more
you're not going to learn something
valuable i just don't buy that the one
thing that i have
absolute confidence in is that if you
understood the repetition compulsion at
the age of nine
and you grew up with your mom and then
you had a toxic amount of positivity
and self-deprecation and putting other
people first and then you show up
a few months later pissed at the whole
world that's an immense amount of growth
i think if you just keep yeah i don't
know
i think it's hard from this session to
really understand
what is a jump and what's not i i kind
of feel like
so i do think that my generosity is real
i do think that my
urge to connect with others and be
beneficial to others is real i don't
think it's an
issue i don't think that just because i
grew up a carer that altruism isn't
[ __ ] real
i don't think that it's a flaw with me i
don't think that i'm deranged i don't
think that i donated a thousand pounds
to you because i'm hot potatoing
other people's generosity i think that
there's something intrinsic in all of us
that feels
good when we do good and it doesn't have
to benefit us directly i think that's
real in people that have suffered just
as much as people you haven't i think
it's real in me even though i had a
[ __ ] up childhood i don't think it's a
symptom i think it's an aspect
and a positive aspect of me and i think
that
the more that you i i know it's very
easy there is this risk when you're a
therapist
that you draw false correlations
sometimes because you're so used to this
pattern and i do it myself even though
i'm not
being a therapist to others but one of
the common things is like
a lot of therapists who receive children
who've been
put into foster care or have been you
know have lost both their parents
they they tend to think that people
who've lost both their parents tend to
be criminals or have issues
or people who know about when it is
people who've been abused in childhood
they think that it unanimously makes
people abuses because most of the people
who come to them
are people who have negative results
from that childhood experience
but the people who grow up to be healthy
the people who grow up to be great
and the people who have grow up without
issues and you know get past it
never show up at a therapist door so
they never see them
and so there's this idea that a higher
percentage of people who have childhood
trauma have issues
than actually do because believe it or
not sometimes people go through hard
[ __ ]
and you know what are you hearing me say
i'm hearing you say that this is somehow
my fault that this is a psychological
phenomenon
that my generosity is the result of
being a carer and b have not having my
needs met and that the reason why people
fall in love with me
is because i'm just repeating some
traumatic cycle
but at some point i've got to stop
taking responsibility for other people's
problems and i'm definitely
not the only [ __ ] woman who gets hit
on and says no one doesn't get hurt
because a dude's thinking more about his
dicks than his dick than the way he's
affecting the people that he's attracted
to
i definitely think that is something
that i've experienced and it's part of
it too
but also i think that if i keep on
switching my behavior i'm constantly
adjusting myself so i don't trigger
you know the weak wills of some people
male or female
that i won't have any room to be my
[ __ ] self because i'm so preoccupied
with how people are reacting to me
and how what they might or might not do
that i won't be able to just enjoy
connecting with people and being myself
so i think there has to be room for the
idea
that maybe not all of it is me because
other people do experience this too
there is a problem with men respecting
boundaries and thinking the friend zone
is a zone
and not just no like people call it cute
zones so they can be all creepy and go i
don't have to listen to this i can make
you like me
because it's just a cute little zone i'm
in and i can step out of it not consent
or anything
i'm not a weirdo ignoring your consent
i'm so sorry
these conversations i'm seeing in chat
and i'm just kind of exploding a little
bit because everyone's like
you just don't understand biology dudes
can't be friends with women or
you you need to change this about you
you're just whining about being
attractive oh boo hoo i don't sympathize
[ __ ] you
and i'm so tired of being hated and i'm
blamed when people hit on me when people
[ __ ] try to feel me up when i'm drunk
and [ __ ] i'm so tired of being blamed
when other people do this stuff because
they ignore what i'm saying
and i'm so tired of adjusting myself
being this
being that being cold being soft being
warm being friendly
[ __ ] punching people in the face i'm
tired of wearing this wearing that i'm
tired of being held responsible for the
way that people behave when the truth of
the matter is that my no is not a zone
that you get out of it's a [ __ ] no
so let me clarify so you're saying
that i'm saying that this is your
fault and that you create this because
of some psychological thing that
happened in your childhood
that your altruism is a reaction
to some sort of psychological trauma
that's what you're you're hearing me say
it is sometimes i feel like you're
directing me to a sense of
responsibility for other people's
actions when we don't control them
and it's not always because i'm
attracting people i am thinking the
roots that you've
you're taking me i've spoken to
therapists in the past
and i've talked about how i interact
with people i've talked about why i've
talked about why with people that i've
stopped being friends with
i've had very sober cold conversations
with people who turned into [ __ ]
creeps
and gone why did this happen i don't
want it to happen again
and and i have also talked to therapists
about why
and what i hear from you sometimes is
that you're diagnosing
not just my altruism but other people's
disrespect of my boundaries which i'm
far too accommodating of i let it go on
for too long and that's on me i know it
is
but i do give clear signs that people
should listen to along the way
and i do think that it's not just me i
do think that there are things that
other people have to take responsibility
for too and it's something it took me a
long time to recognize
yeah so uh just curious so thank you for
clarifying that
and i i apologize for conveying that
sentiment so i just want to make sure i
want to apologize appropriately so i
want to make sure
i understand what am i diagnosing you
with
so you see it as a repetition compulsion
that there's some aspect of my behavior
that traps me specifically in this loop
that this there is an active aspect of
my behavior
that makes people behave in a way that
they shouldn't
okay so i actually
i agree with some of that so let me try
to clarify and then you let me know if
an apology is appropriate
i'm happy to because i i this
conversation just took a turn that was
really not where i was intending to go
and if i made a mistake i'm more than
happy to apologize for it i just really
want to understand what that mistake is
so the reason i brought up the
repetition compulsion with you is so let
me walk you through my reasoning and
then you let me know whether an apology
is appropriate or not
so generally speaking human beings tend
to encounter
common situations in life right like we
run into the same problems over and over
and over again
and here's what i heard you say so i
heard you say that you run into this
problem over and over and over again and
it's hard for you to make friends
because they don't respect your
boundaries and sometimes you're overly
accommodating and things like that
fine i accept that i accept that you're
in the situation that you're in
i accept that it's very difficult for
you to make friends i accept that people
start with friendship and then ask for
more i accept that
you have tried to change yourself to
accommodate them right
you've tried to transform yourself to
control their behavior
and that's not fair to you and that's
not the right answer which i agree
completely
you've also tried to change them which
isn't your [ __ ] responsibility
because it's their job to change
themselves
you're not responsible for changing some
someone else i completely agree with
that and so then we end up with this
reality right because that's what you're
telling me anita is that
irrespective of you trying to change
yourself and irrespective of you trying
to change other people
you're [ __ ] stuck and people don't
respect you they don't respect your
boundaries
either they're just looking to get their
wheelie wet or they're playing the long
game or
at the end of the day they start out as
friends and then something happens and
then even though you've been crystal
clear
you wind up in this situation
we on the same page there is there
anything
about that that you think i have done
wrong or unfair
or that i should apologize for
so far no not in that aspect
of the parts that i think issue with
were the parts where
you start using words like at some point
you have to take responsibility for
you know this pattern and those sorts of
words where it's still
my fault that some people can't respect
boundaries because this is amount to
stuff that's very very serious that most
people know is wrong regardless of my
behavior i could cartwheel down the
street naked
and i still don't deserve to be
assaulted and stoked
yeah so so let me let me try to add some
nuance to that
and if that still feels like it's wrong
to you please let me know
okay so here's here's the challenge so
i'm stuck
between a rock and a hard place because
as a human being
i accept that you are who you are and i
think you should accept yourself for
yours
yourself i also accept that
i don't control other people's behavior
and i'm not responsible for other
people's behavior
and so then the question becomes what is
my role in life
what do i control what is the part of my
life that i have agency over
and what i find is that the more that
people accept
that you do have some influence in it
right like at the end of the day if i
find myself in a situation
over and over and over again i would
hope
and part of what i absolutely try to do
is to help people understand that you
have some power to change this
because anita if there's one [ __ ]
thing that you've demonstrated to me
it's that you have the power to change
your life
think about where you grew up think
about the co-dependent relationships you
have
think about where you are now think
about all the way you've come what do
you think you think other people did
that
you did that right the person that you
were started to shine through
and you helped her out i don't think
that i think your altruism is
absolutely genuine i think it's part of
what makes you amazing
i think you're incredibly authentic and
i think it confuses the [ __ ] out of some
people
who have been societally conditioned in
a bad way
i don't think that's your fault i don't
think you should change who you are
and at the same time i have to
acknowledge and i really do believe that
you have
some agency over your situation
i don't think that woe is me is like
like absolutely woe is you but if anyone
has the capacity to
navigate this tricky [ __ ] it's you
and i do believe that you have some
power here that you have some control
here and i think when i say that
what either consciously or unconsciously
i'm signaling or what you're receiving
is that it's your fault
and that's a really tricky place to be
in right because like
if we accept that we have power to
change something
then it becomes in a sense our fault
so i think that your interpretation of
my words is sort of inappropriate
it's just not meant to be blame it's
just like you can't have agency without
responsibility the two come hand in hand
and and the emotional response
that i got from you which i've seen
emotions come which i think is
completely authentic
and and now i'm not trying to like oh
you emotionally responded therefore
you're wrong so like don't take it that
way but
i think there's something really
important there right i don't know what
it is
and what i'm really trying to say is
that there's a road forward i have to
hope like so when any time i sit with
someone anita
i don't part of what i try really hard
to do part of what i try to have
agency and control over in myself is to
hope that your situation can get better
and in what ways can your situation get
better like how like and that's why i
talk about the [ __ ] psychological
[ __ ]
because i think you already understand
this stuff and i think that you're a
human too
and what i see is that you've exhausted
a lot of really good options
you try to change the way that you dress
you try to fix other people and neither
of them worked
so i think there's something in the
middle there right that that and we kind
of see it in your patterns of friendship
that either people get overly invested
in your friendship
or you keep them at arm's length and
that makes me
sad because that's not what you want
you want something between those two
things
right and so then the question is what
i'm encouraging you to do and what i'm
really saying that you should do
is over here is safety but emotional
distance and over here is intimacy and
people misconstruing what you say
there's something there in the middle
and as you move towards something in the
middle i want you to really understand
and if this is something that you take
issue with please let me know
as you navigate that tightrope in the
middle i absolutely believe you have
some control over how that turns out
yeah someone in chat is saying something
really interesting about this
and i don't normally talk i don't
normally bring it up but someone's
saying i think the
disconnection here is partially as a
result of the implied
dynamic default dynamic associated with
therapy therapists specialize in
individual problems but what anita seems
to be struggling with is more of a
societal problem
that being that men are rarely
discouraged from overstepping their
boundaries
i don't think dr k is going to uh i
don't know
zooming too fast he's going to going out
of his way to downplay that factor in
this conversation
but is his profession and i do think
there is an intersection here between
the fact that
this is not something that is entirely
controllable or influenced
uh easy to influence because there is a
societal
aspect at play and it is impossible for
it to be
consistent as well because the
overstepping of boundaries can vary so
much
this is why i was looking for patterns
so i could interrupt the path
absolutely so so i think that person is
spot on and this is frankly why the deck
is stacked against you and this is why i
think that you haven't figured it out
already
right because it there is like finding
that balance is
really hard because there is this
societal conditioning
and that's what i was like the whole
maternal shakti thing that i was kind of
talking about is like this idea that
i think you are giving someone an
authentic version of yourself
and they've been conditioned to
interpret that a different way which is
not your fault
and i don't think you should change who
you are i think who you are is awesome
and what i'm saying is that in the
middle there
it behooves you to think about
this psychological [ __ ] like the
repetition compulsion because one of two
things is gonna happen
on the one hand shirt maybe i'm judging
you and i'm saying oh this is the
repetition component blah blah blah
freud blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
this is what's going on with you anita i
have it all figured out i don't give a
[ __ ] about that i don't give a [ __ ]
about figuring it out
what i'm saying is if there's any
mileage to be picked up there
to get you in the direction that you
want to go if there's even one percent
of the repetition compulsion
that lets you walk that tightrope
[ __ ] look at it
and rather than me analyzing it you're
the one who used the phrase repetition
compulsion so i'm like
damn right anita see if that's what's
going on
i can't give you answers anita i can't
give you conclusions
the most i can do is give you hypotheses
yeah and there's something here
where i think that you should be
authentic
you should be who you are and you've got
the deck stacked against you in terms of
societal conditioning
and i choose to hope
that you don't have to be trapped in
this situation together and that you can
move one step closer to that midpoint
and i think doing so is going to involve
looking at not the drastic
sets of your behavior but really
studying how you interact with people
because i think any relationship is a
two-way street
i i i also know that first-person
perspective it's very easy to miss
things that the
person perspective would get far more
easily um it's like my aim is terrible
when i'm first person but when i'm third
person in a shooter i can suddenly
actually connect with the with the
headshots and click heads
and so i think i i've asked my closest
friends who are with me when things have
happened and gone
did i do anything to make him think that
i'm attracted to him did i do
anything to make him think that this was
okay and
so far the resounding aspects that i
i i don't miss this i see it but i don't
know how to avoid it
it's like they were saying well he
pushed boundaries here and here and here
and normally i'd have gotten pissed off
punched him kicked him away you know
kicked him to the curb
and you were forgiving like you did
yeah see that's that's one of the things
that really really frustrates me because
i think like that
the problem there is that i don't
if you're a forgiving person like i
think that's a good thing
right i'm looking for option c which is
not for you to be less forgiving
or for him to not put like i i i want
you to continue to be who you are and
find
some road through this and i completely
agree with you with the first person
third-person stuff
so i think actually what you've got to
figure out anita is why this happens to
your mom
yeah well well when i look at my mom
because i thought about that too
and i look at my mom and she's very very
capable
so like everything about her is just
genuinely admirable and awesome and
there are aspects of it that don't apply
to me
for example pretty much most of her
boyfriends have been gay like
completely gay like never had a
girlfriend before or after her
um and the
thing is like she has her own life chaps
and things like that and she's helped me
learn to escape a lot of bad things
um just by learning from the lessons of
her life i'm grateful for her failings
as much as her
like positives just because it's helped
me to grow in many ways
and navigate the world um but like so
i'm not gonna fault her
for them i can understand how she ends
up in some of the situations she's in
but i also think that she's just
generally a brilliant woman
she really is she's very impressive in
many many different ways she looks young
for age she's very beautiful
um she's like really unique she's like
this goth and she has like really great
makeup and really great personality and
she's interested in all these cool
things
she's a fantastic artist she's a
scientist she's a photographer she was a
dancer
and she aced all of those things and she
has a myriad of
she was a kickboxer and she competed
against men and won things because she
was very very good at it
everything she tries her hand at she's
amazing at and to this day she's really
crippled by a very very debilitating
illness
and she still finds ways to create
beautiful things and do
very impressive things she's just very
very amazing in every respect and a lot
of guys don't just look at her and think
i like her they think i want to be her
this is why so many gay guys like her as
well because they don't just
like her they want to be her she is the
if they could be a woman they would be
her
sort of thing and so there's a lot of
admiration involved and i've
noticed that because i see it on twitch
chat a lot um
a lot of guys don't have to be
attractive they can be very average and
be huge on this platform they don't have
to be attractive
um and the thing is when guys are young
they're not taught to relate to women
nobody dresses up as princess leia when
they're kids no dudes are allowed to
dress as women it has a stigma attached
to it
and so when people aspire to be us
they're usually women
other women and not a lot of dudes
actually relate to us as if what they
want to aspire to be like us because
there's
some sort of mental block there where
admiration equals attraction
and so usually with me people don't
usually relate to me they aspire to be
with me when they see positive traits
about me they confuse it with attraction
rather than just relating to you or
taking inspiration from another human
being it's a trap that a lot of female
streamers
fall into but we get heavily policed for
behavior that big
male streamers don't men can be toxic
and it can be fun to watch but when
women are toxic nobody wants to be
with a woman who is toxic so it's not as
entertaining because it puts you
off them whereas if you found us
generally relatable
if you were trying to relate to us
rather than possess us
these things wouldn't get an entirely
different reaction
from the audience and so i see it
manifest a lot in twitch i see it as a
very very big thing
and so a lot of people don't just a
confusion with admiration and attraction
i see and so and so a lot of guys
conflate
admiration with attraction if the person
they admire happens to ha
have female genitalia it's very very
difficult to separate the two
and so when it's the opposite sex or the
sex that you're attracted to
and so a lot of people admire my mother
and so they conflate that with
attraction it becomes attraction because
that's how men are comfortable admiring
women
they're not encouraged from a young age
to admire women from an aspirational
perspective
and my mom is very very admirable in
every sense of the word are you
she's i don't know i don't admire me
but my mom's just like different let's
just think about what you're saying
right like so what i'm like if i put so
i'm going to
create a constellation out of the stars
that you laid so this could be my
interpretation
so you let me know if this is fair or
unfair okay so i'm interpreting
something here
so people can conflate admiration with
attraction
so you're saying that your mom is very
admirable i asked you
why why does this happen to your mom and
then you went on on this thing about
admiration and attraction fine
okay cool let's accept that so therefore
the reason that people
you know bump heads when they try to
kiss your mom's hand is because they're
conflating admiration with attraction
and now what's happening is you're
talking about twitch and then you segue
to twitch and you segue to you know
double standards between
female streamers and male streamers
totally get that
and so that now what what i'm if i kind
of put that consolation together because
those are parts of the same conversation
which started from the question of why
are people attracted to your mom
and what i would piece together is that
part of the reason that people are
attracted to you
is because they admire certain qualities
about you
and then they conflate those with
attraction
i don't i don't know if that's true i
i don't i don't really see myself as a
very admirable person
right so so like let's think about that
right so like i don't know okay so i'm
gonna try to be
okay so i asked you a question why are
people attracted to your mom
and you said they conflate admiration
with attraction
and then you talked about twitch and
then you were like
you know like people anyway so
i think there are a lot of qualities
about you that are very admirable and if
you're confused about why people
are attracted to you and why this keeps
happening like my point is that this
confusion can be understood
right like your confusion about why this
pattern happens i believe as a scientist
generally speaking
if you look into patterns you can find
answers that is also a fault of my
profession
because my profession is filled with
unfalsifiable hypotheses
right so i can dig into like whatever
kind of theory i want to
and you can say whatever you want to and
i can still convince myself that i'm
right and you're wrong
that you're just in denial that's that's
the trump card of the therapist
my patient is in denial right so i have
to watch out about that cognitive bias
which is why i'm laying it out to you
and i'm trusting you and you because you
[ __ ] come this far you haven't done
this [ __ ] with my help
the best i can do is give you hypotheses
and then like the person that you
are that has gone from where you were
when you were a kid to the person that
you are now i have faith that person can
figure that [ __ ] out if i can help him
out a little bit
great so here's the last thing i'll
leave you with
okay maybe the reason that it's
confusing that people are attracted to
you is because you don't see
what they find admirable you don't see
yourself as admirable which whereas they
find you is very admirable
maybe you're actually a really admirable
person
right maybe maybe you can talk about
your mom and how she creates art and
this kind of stuff and you have some
kind of standard in your mind whatever
but that if i were to tell you and and i
was gonna sound weird but like let's
just lay this out right you're an
authentic person
you genuinely care about people you go
out of your way to try to help people
you care about animals you oftentimes
put other people ahead of yourself
you're intelligent you think about
societal problems
you're self-reflective you're a streamer
on twitch you're charismatic
when people attack you with toxicity you
respond with humor
you wear a hat on your head that says
simp you joke about being bald
and then normalize that experience for
other people
you take something that is one of the
most shame inducing things in the world
for men
let alone women if you want to talk
about double standards there talk about
baldness
and then you scratch your head when
people think you're admirable
well thank you i don't think there's a
lot of women
room for women to see themselves as
admirable i think it's very very
difficult because
there are songs about how the most
attractive thing about a woman is when
she doesn't know she's attractive
there are bits in tv shows and sitcoms
find a girl with low self-esteem because
they'll do more in the bedroom
people don't like women who have good
self-esteem the minute you ever try to
like yourself people try to rip it from
you constantly and call it narcissistic
and
conceited we'll chisel and carve a
beautiful statue of a woman
and we'll call it beautiful but if we
put a mirror in our hand we'll call it
narcissism we'll call it
vanity that same statue because she's
admiring the same view everybody else is
it's so difficult to build any
self-esteem in this environment
and i think a lot of guys are very
heavily intimidated by the idea that
someone might know their worth
because a lot of people are insecure and
they think if you like yourself
you'll realize that you deserve better
than me and i've seen that and i've had
men
say it to me i've had my i've battled
with my self-esteem my whole life
and it's very very difficult to even
look for long enough to come to any
conclusions because it feels dangerous
everyone will hate me if i ever admire
myself this is a scary
line of thought i don't know how to
compliment myself i don't know how for
it
how it can be okay i don't know if this
is a safe thing to talk about
let's change the subject because
everyone compliments you but nobody
wants you to believe it
and people get offended and take it back
if you ever do if you ever want proof of
this there are whole compilations of
women accepting compliments on the
internet where guys like oh i didn't
know you were full of yourself
i take it back you know and so
i i don't know if it's something that i
am ever
not gonna find confusing because i don't
live
in a world and a space where it's safe
for me to ever admire myself
i don't think it's comfortable to sit
and think about myself positively i'm
really i feel panicked when i do um you
know
like when you're in a in a stealth game
and
slowly you get more and more noticed
like you're off in the distance
and the npcs can't quite see you yet but
there's like a rumple pack letting you
know that you're about to be seen and
you need to hide
and if you stand still long enough um
everyone panics and knows you're there
and starts attacking you
i feel that little rumble pack warning
emotionally
anytime i try to think about anything
positive about myself
and i know where it comes from and i see
it in other women and i don't think it
could be remedied
i don't think i'm in a position to ever
not find this confusing because it's not
safe for me to be okay with myself
to have any self-esteem let alone
compliment myself
and i know that's an issue which makes
it really hard to assess what you're
putting
towards me you're asking me to see and
assess
any positive attributes of myself and
i'm saying that emotionally in society
society i'm not in a position to do so
if this is the answer it's going to be
the hardest hurdle of my life to ever
clear because i have to accurately
and comfortably see positives in myself
and it's just really [ __ ] scary and
hard
so anita you've put me in an interesting
position
you've put me in a position where having
faith in you
burdens you
right because my instinctual answer is
i'm glad you understand it my
instinctual answer is
if i have faith that you can do it is it
going to be hard absolutely is society
running against you
absolutely are you do you live in a
world where you're not allowed to do
that absolutely
i won't disagree with any of those
things and now we get to the
the bias of an individual person
a psychiatrist versus a sociologist
so the person in your chat was spot on
so my experience has been
that if you want to change the world
this is just mine i'm not saying it's
the only way to do it my way of trying
to change the conditioning of the world
has been through self-reflection
walk this journey yourself and then just
let other people watch
and there's a part of me that says it's
scary it's hard it's insensitive
of me to say just try anyway because if
it's too hard it's too hard
if you're never going to be able to do
it then that's cool that's
fine i accept that if you choose that
you don't want to try i accept that too
what i don't accept is that it's going
to be impossible for you
because anita if there's one thing
you've demonstrated to me it's that
you've defied the impossible
you've done a lot of things that i've
talked to a lot of women
who say this is impossible
i've talked to a lot of women in abusive
unhealthy codependent relationships and
literally
you know why they don't leave
because it's impossible to leave yeah
people feel trapped absolutely
and so who am i gonna who am i gonna put
my money i'm gonna put my
money on [ __ ] you because you felt
trapped before and you've come out of it
again and again and again
and trying to ask your question yeah go
home go for it
how do you balance self-esteem because
this is something that i think a lot of
people would benefit
a lot of people that are watching us
right now are going to be the
demographic for twitch is
american dudes in i.t most of them are
people that
you know are not going to relate to the
issue of me
having too many people fall in love with
me but what they are going to relate to
i think this benefits everyone listening
to you right now
is how do you reliably have self-esteem
because
people don't buy [ __ ] unless they feel
[ __ ] the whole world has a whole economy
based on making us feel inferior and
insecure
because it makes you buy [ __ ] to fix it
and solve problems that aren't really
there
we're all told from a young age we
should feel insecure
and i have the additional aspect of like
everyone's like your whole value
is to be attractive and you should try
to be attractive but if you feel
attractive will hate you and that's
unattractive so you have to be
attractive
and you have to be awesome and perfect
and have a great personality be fun
like computer games like me and do this
and do that right and eat loads of food
but
simultaneously stay really slim i love a
lot girl who eats so long as she's like
anorexic
um so like there are loads of double
standards that are so hard to live up to
it's so hard to feel like you're on the
right track because people criticize you
every step of the way
how do you have good self-esteem and
then if you do manage to like something
about yourself
you hold on to it in a world that just
hates you if you ever acknowledge it
it's a very good question it's the right
question which is more important
because i think that applies to everyone
here i don't i barely know anyone who
genuinely is like [ __ ] yeah i'm awesome
can i think about that for a second it's
a hard question answer
okay anita so i don't know if i can
answer the question generally but i
think i can answer it for you
so the first thing is that i think
you're actually well on your way
you are walking the path that in my
experience leads to self-esteem
which is in the first phase denial right
like
oh i'm not angry other people are more
better than i am things like that i'm
i'm using psychological terms that can
be judgmental but just a
if you go back and watch our first
interview it was like i'm not worth it
right and now you're saying something
else which is that i do deserve this and
it's
frustrating that i'm not getting it
and and to me you feel very different
today than the first time we talked
because you are so much more
transparently angry
right which i think is actually great
and i i think that
i actually i i don't know how to say
this i think you're going to find your
way there because you're saying
all of the things that i think people
need to do because you're saying that
i've been alone and i feel
it's fantastic i get to be with myself i
get to prioritize myself
you're building self-esteem with each
one of those steps
you're saying i'm going to do what i
want to do you're learning how to not
give in to other people's boundary
violations because they're not right for
you
right because you used to let people
trample you and now you're like
frustrated because you tell them to go
[ __ ] themselves and you end up with
you know terminating the relationship
and then you feel really sad and
frustrated
but at least you're drawing that
boundary right you can't draw that
boundary
unless you have some esteem for yourself
because you used to put them ahead of
you and you just let them cross all over
it
but you stopped doing that so i think
that the bizarre thing
is you say how do i have self-esteem i
don't have it
and this is the part of me where now i
get to be real arrogant i think you have
more
more self-esteem than you realize it's
just so [ __ ] foreign to you you don't
know what it looks like
true it's not consistent yet there are
still people who cross my boundaries and
i still flounder a bit it's not
it's fully there yet i'm still
struggling
but i am i have an idea of like that
this is unacceptable
and that's new so what i said is that
you're on the path
right and i think if you keep doing what
you're doing
you'll get there right because i
i have faith in the person who has
brought you this far
because she's in your corner and she's
caring about you she learned how to care
about herself
she learned how to put herself above
other people
right and that person also willingly
puts other people ahead of her
it's not like a good thing or a bad
thing like you can be genuinely
altruistic it's totally fine
and i i think that as you learn to
continue to navigate yourself as you
start to look at your relationships more
closely
as you start to navigate what agency you
do have in relationships
i think that self-esteem will grow
and you you still accept what i say
about you as a compliment you say
thank you the question is do you believe
i'm right
i have a mental block there like i keep
trying to access the thought and it
shuts down
okay right so that's what we need to
work on
yeah we'll work on it we'll work on it
it takes time
it takes time and if you can't accept it
as true like sure i mean
you know that i accept that you don't
accept it and i'm going to continue
thinking that about you and i'm going to
continue feeling that way about you
even if you don't accept it for yourself
well thank you right because you don't
get to control my feelings
i get to feel about you the way that i
want to
and you get to respond to that however
you want to you get to say
i'm never going to talk to you again
because it makes me uncomfortable and
you get to do that that's your line in
the sand to draw
well thanks well at the very least
you've identified the
bits because usually these mental blocks
where every time i try to access the
thought it doesn't let me
i've had that before you start having
with anger things like that
um or i'm telling you yeah go ahead i'm
sorry
no tell me dude you feeling angry is
like i'm so happy for you
and even i'm telling it's it's coming
out you got to clean out that trash
right you got to take it out of the
trash can
and it'll come out and you you're
entitled to that anger because you've
had to deal with this [ __ ] for so long
and let you know just let like feel that
baby just feel it
and let yourself be wronged because
that's what's happened
right but you can't know that you're
being wronged unless you
on some level know that you deserve the
right
and so that seed of self-esteem is
already there
a lot of people blame women in abusive
relationships why didn't you leave and
it's like
if if people are raised to never know
that they can expect respect or what
respect looks like
how do they even know they're being
wronged a lot of people in abusive
relationships don't know
that it's wrong and so yeah
so i think yeah you're right there and i
i think
yeah it's a hard place place to be this
is really difficult to do live there are
lots of people who get like a tiny
snippet of the conversation and let them
buy it
fill in the rest they like arrive for
like two minutes and they judge
there are lots of armed chairs
psychologists who come up with [ __ ]
lots of sexist [ __ ] about men like
men just can't be friends with women and
women are this and men can't be that too
like i believe in men men can be decent
people
and friends and yeah no i i don't have
this awful stereotype that men can't be
friends with women and [ __ ] i
i wouldn't be friends with men if i
thought that it was a thing that they
were just too
primal to do so like i think i have a
little bit more faith in men than twitch
chat does but i'm still being called
lots of awful things like a man hater
right now which is very odd it's so
difficult to have these sorts of
conversations live i'm getting so much
judgment
and it's so funny like it'll bounce
between she's so wrong she doesn't
understand basic biology and there'll be
people
going could you fart for me between it
all
it takes a lot of practice to be very
calm and kind of
um indifferent to all of the weird
weirdness of twitch jet so any of the
last thing i'll leave you with
is that i want i commend you for
having this conversation right it's an
important conversation that the haters
are gonna hate
whatever but i think that there are a
lot of people out there who are really
listening
and hearing something that they need to
hear
second thing is i want you to cut
yourself some slack
if those people get to you
right because it is hard to deal with
and you deserve to not be perfect
you deserve to feel judged you deserve
to feel weak
you deserve to feel all of those things
even if they aren't true i don't think
they're true
but social media and the internet does
that to us they make us feel small and i
think one of the biggest problems that
we
run into is that we judge ourselves for
being weak when we're allowed to be weak
and so we beat ourselves up for letting
them affect us
and then suddenly we're on the same team
with them
they're beating us up and we're beating
ourselves up so don't be on that team
and if you are on that team that's okay
that's just how we're conditioned
yeah good luck to you thank you i feel
like we didn't get enough time to answer
people's questions
i'm sorry yeah i know i i i'm i know we
didn't get enough time and i'm so glad
because i i think that this conversation
i don't know how other people are what
other people are going to think about it
but
i think your your growth has been really
remarkable
and and i mean you may not see it you
may not feel it i know that you're
feeling
potentially more negative emotion than
the first time we met but like it's just
part of the journey
right because now you know you're angry
because you deserve more than what
people are giving you
and that like that's the [ __ ] essence
of self-esteem
when you know what you're worth anger is
a hopeful emotion it's when you don't
stand for how things are and you hope
that they can be better i mean
anger would be useless but anger if it
wasn't that
anger is why women have the right to
vote anger is why
so many slaves were freed like anger is
when we
don't like how things are and we want it
to change i understand that it's a
positive thing when used
maturely i i was writing off everything
every bit of anger as
immature and i yeah i do think that
oh oddly anger is something people
deserve to feel not in a malicious way i
don't feel like you deserve to be angry
fool
i mean you know yeah like the way you
said it i think you said it's beautiful
people deserve to feel
vulnerable and angry and all those
things they have the right
you made me cringe a little bit i hope
you let yourself be angry in an immature
way too
[Laughter]
don't be a perfect version of yourself
true true yeah okay i'm glad you called
that one yeah just it's you gotta be
careful
yeah yeah you get to be inappropriately
angry you get to just have a bad day
because people are mistreating you and
take it out on other people you should
apologize afterward but you get to feel
that way
i'll try not to either yeah try not to
try not to but don't beat yourself up if
you slip up from time to time
because it's a process it's a journey
cool
yeah definitely i'm sorry if i did that
with you i mean i'm under a lot of
pressure right now there are thousands
of people blaming me for the situation
i'm in right now
so it felt like a little bit much but i
hope you didn't feel disrespected during
this conversation
because i have a lot of respect for you
no i didn't feel disrespected in fact
i'm really really glad
that you shared that with me
because anita telling me that i did
something
that was not fair or judgmental is not
disrespectful
this is my whole point you get to say
i'm disrespectful if i'm disrespectful
and i have to listen to that
right it's not like i can't [ __ ] up
like you get to say that
you get to say dr k you're being an
[ __ ]
you're being judgmental and then we sit
down and we look at
like what's going on there like you get
to say that man
woman sorry yes
all right anyway i really enjoyed this
good luck to you good luck on your
journey
thank you and thanks a lot and you know
haters are going to hate i don't know
what to say
there are a lot of us out there who are
also rooting for you so
thank you send the haters our way we try
to talk to them and see where they're
coming from
thank you cool good luck take care
you too
you